after the defeat of the republic on coruscant
the Jedi Council had to admit we fell
victim of deceit Sith Empire yet
less there were many theories that invasion
not a key imperial point
of the company
but only a bold operation taken
just before the tragedy
Sith recently began to take
seriously new unexpected ally
republics
bed smugglers
Mandalor blockade blocked
the main trade route
the republic imported medicine and
food was exported raw materials
for the outer ring having lost the help
the outer ring was instantly under
fifth sith empire that caused
Republic deficiency of medicines and
food
to the moment when the lower levels
Coruscant hunger began in the galaxy already
with might and main raging unrest in the senate
capitulation was seriously discussed
and at this moment smuggler merial
cop and mihaylovich looked great
opportunity to earn extra money
knowing that the republic pay any
money file plan was incredibly simple
what was to break the blockade tax
by downloading all the available factoring topics
what could the outer ring offer
republics
Hayla sent their side to kurosawa
Mandalorians unexpected clusters of freight
rykov aroused interest they sent there
several ships
like a plate of hyperspace choice
countless block of small ships
who started shelling you block
love
a large space view has come
despite the fact that the ships
smugglers were on the order of turn
levi giant on the news
city ​​hilo all failed bed
lucky for her Republican poster
intelligence was aware of this
operations and from the nearest system on
help out
blockade was prorva
visa file delivered its river freight
capital for anything else a lot and money
reward
what is his account part of Hailo
her accomplices was held
rewarding heroes but the file on him is not
she has already gone to the new
rumor travel she died through
year for something came
chain
anyway thanks to that
the heroic act of the republic
got a break
many were sure that Mandalorian
blockade is worth Sith Empire my
research will help
I will share them in the next report.